docs(mason_cli): add note regarding .mason and mason-lock.json (#318)
felangel/mason: packages/mason_cli/README.md

mason make hello
```

> ❗ Note: `mason init` generates `.mason` and `mason-lock.json`. `.mason` **should not** be included in version control. Include `mason-lock.json` in version control if you are using git/hosted bricks; otherwise, `mason-lock.json` can be ignore when only using local bricks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
❗ Note: **DO NOT** commit the `.mason` directory. **DO** commit the `mason-lock.json` file when working with versioned bricks (git/hosted).
```
